widgets: added key-pressed and key-released callbacks to all text input components (#7081)
slint-ui/slint: docs/astro/src/content/docs/reference/std-widgets/lineedit.mdx

    }
}
```

### key-pressed(KeyEvent) -> EventResult

> Invoked when a key is pressed, the argument is a <Link type="KeyEvent" /> struct. The returned `EventResult` 
> indicates whether to accept or ignore the event. Ignored events are forwarded to the parent element.

Reviewer: I think this is slightly inaccurate:

  - events are rejected instead of ignored
  - ignored events aren't forwarded to the parent element but handled by the `LineEdit` itself.

See below for a suggestion. This applies to `TextEdit` as well as `TextInput` itself, for both the `key-pressed` as well as the `key-released` callbacks.

```suggestion
Invoked when a key is pressed, the argument is a <Link type="KeyEvent" /> struct. Use this callback to
handle keys before `LineEdit` does. Return `accept` to indicate that you've handled the event, or return
`reject` to let `LineEdit` handle it.
```

Reviewer: Please apply this fix also to `key-released` and then to `TextEdit`, and `TextInput`.
